hi Reuben billion last video that I was
not requested was just something I
really wanted to do oh I had been
drawing a lot lately which is really odd
because as of last week I couldn't girl
I'm not really much of an artist when I
comes to traditional mediums but how did
the glue as it barnes and nobles and i
found this amazing schedule it's really
gorgeous and i had to buy it was like 10
bucks and i was like yeah this is
gorda sketchbook and then I was in the
line checking out I'll dad area I was
like why the did I just buy a
sketchbook sketch I'm draw well then say
my lovely boyfriend has decided to
forcibly start making me sketch things
so I'm actually started drawing I'm
gonna tell you guys what the I'm
talking about I needed this king dru
whatevs yesterday did
and my most recent one is that I like
that those are some copies behind ease
that's fair um I have been sketching on
a storm oh and very mixed medium
pregnant person so I use a lot of
different things planned Ronnie dancer
few questions are done I not I've never
had any classes low contrast I've never
had any classes i'm drawing opening
tonight i'm completely self-taught you
know not all that good but as far as
what i use is a bunch of random
most of my stuff will do pastel or water
plant backgrounds I don't actually only
need water colors i use for a little
watercolor pencils because i find them
really puffy easy to use their
sheep encore um but either by the second
i started my head of the win souls like
Tiki fake mechanical pencils Oh
with 0.5 motherland Chamberlain my my
line art is some with left hand he tiny
little black friend um I got a bunch of
prismacolor liners not any black ones
because I got was free which is
unfortunately federer supplies but white
paint honey so I used for all all polite
stuff and a couple kirby ped to turn my
purse in black and white
or not but my lovely parents who for
some reason how this amaris amount of
fate in my art I don't know why decided
after a very very very bad week come on
cameras top of contrast they were going
to buy me something that I cannot
get lit off the bottom um but they
bought me a 130 King set of custom color
markers or markers color pencils um i
actually have them all organized by
color cuz i'm really really policing you
up my art supplies being not
cluttered because i hate soaring free
workers but they were really
expensive so it makes me really nervous
to use and they were like over one
hundred dollars which is
craziness fed on colored pencils i mean
i still don't understand it but they're
really nice but I don't have any
kind of tablet every living digitally
because I just don't have anything oh
boy I have been me selling off to the
original pieces whatever doing but I
don't wanna sit there all to all the
fantastic enough to really born more
than like ten bucks for but I ever
invaded my art area on the other hand is
a genius and also video later
when i'm less hired on his art
oh but only go tiny Oh II my pastels
because they're really cheap on
clearance a hobby love you
there we go there are 12 petals that
aren't real pastels thereby gallery okay
yeah gallery there's soft pastels as
what it says I'm missing my white one yo
punk employee ok yeah my dog ate my
white one but um they're they're really
good they're not like they're like super
hi poli long chalk pastels but they
don't need to be people care of them but
yeah that's why he has any questions on
my order anything I think wants taking
commissions depending on the subject
matter because I I'll be did a very
specific style but he doesn't see more
of my art stuff i have it on my DA my
DVR under the butter face and on my
facebook you can subscribe to my updates
as I my friends limit all its told you
but they're gray even drive me over
there I always post pictures of my work
is about what I get it done sometimes
work in progress space and stuff like
that but I'm gonna go cuz I'm rambling
talk time ago hurts three bags